{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}{\f1 Arial Bold;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl900\margr900\margt720\margb720
\f1\fs34 Connor Atkins\f0\fs20\par
Creative Production | Video Editing | Graphic Design | Brand Development | HVACR Field Experience\par
Pleasure Island, NC | atkinsconnorr@gmail.com | 910-612-0538 | linkedin.com/in/connorratkins\par
\par
\f1\fs24 Professional Summary\f0\fs20\par
Multidisciplinary creative with 12 years of self-taught editing and design practice, 3 years of formal film/video education, and hands-on HVACR field experience. Known for perseverance, practical problem-solving, production instincts, design taste, communication, and a willingness to keep improving until the final result works.\par
\par
\f1\fs24 Core Strengths\f0\fs20\par
- Adobe Creative Cloud proficiency across editing, design, production, and visual development workflows\par
- Video editing, short-form pacing, student film production, commercial edits, interviews, and documentary work\par
- Graphic design, branding, logo concepts, apparel visuals, business cards, and social media-ready assets\par
- Flexible problem-solving from creative timelines to job-site field conditions and technical troubleshooting\par
- Strong communication, collaboration, self-direction, and continuous learning mindset\par
\par
\f1\fs24 Experience\f0\fs20\par
\f1 Creative Production / Video Editing / Graphic Design - Self-Directed and Freelance Work\f0\par
2011 - Present\par
- Built a portfolio spanning portrait reels, school film work, music/sports edits, graphics, branding, and web presentation.\par
- Edited commercial, interview, documentary, student film, and social content with attention to pacing and visual clarity.\par
- Created brand systems and visuals including logos, apparel graphics, business cards, streamer assets, and promo material.\par
- Designed and maintained a personal portfolio website to present creative work and improve web/UI skills.\par
\par
\f1 HVACR Installer / Field Work\f0\par
2021 - Present\par
- Developed practical job-site discipline, patience, safety awareness, and calm problem-solving in demanding conditions.\par
- Applied trade experience, customer awareness, and hands-on technical learning to a broader creative/technical career path.\par
\par
\f1\fs24 Education\f0\fs20\par
\f1 Cape Fear Community College - Film and Video Production Technologies\f0\par
- Dean's List for most attended terms; completed substantial production coursework with approximately 15 credits remaining.\par
\par
\f1 Eugene Ashley High School - Adobe Creative Cloud Program\f0\par
- Early foundation in Adobe Creative Cloud, digital design, and video editing.\par
\par
\f1\fs24 Selected Portfolio Areas\f0\fs20\par
- Video: 783 Photo to Video Commercial, Non Profit Documentary, interview work, student films, sports edits, and music edits\par
- Design: 2016-2026 graphic archive, brand identities, apparel concepts, 3D/2D experiments, and client-ready visuals\par
- Branding: logo systems, apparel branding, business card concepts, local business visuals, and social identity work\par
\par
\f1\fs24 Tools and Working Style\f0\fs20\par
- Adobe Creative Cloud, video editing, graphic design, brand development, production planning, web portfolio maintenance\par
- Work style: persistent, adaptable, communicative, self-taught, production-minded, and focused on cleaner execution over time\par
\par
Portfolio and social channels: youtube.com/@CNNREDITS | youtube.com/@C6NNR | linkedin.com/in/connorratkins\par
Generated from the Connor Atkins portfolio site content.\par
}